given x
precision recall
best guess
categorisation task
causal relation
cause overfitting
cheaper hotels
coin shows
conditional entropies
decision making
detailed understanding
discovering paradigmatic
discovering syntagmatic
doesnt mean
effective predictors
expected overlap
expensive hotels
feature space
fewer parameters
following lectures
generated independently
gold standard
gradually group
ground truth
high dimensional
important role
inferred weights
inverse document
iphone 6
language models
large collection
latent aspect
linear separator
main goal
meat occurs
method works
multiple perspectives
observed evidence
overall precision
paradigmatically related
probabilistic models
r sub
raw count
relation discovery
research articles
specific examples
strongly correlated
sub b
subjective sensors
support vector
support vectors
tentative clustering
true positive
weve got
assign high
baseline system
bm 25
co occurrences
collaboration network
completely biased
continue talking
dimensional space
discriminative approaches
discussed earlier
dot product
email messages
external time
high quality
human experts
idf weighting
intuitively makes
label given
linear combination
linear transformation
main difference
multiple times
new generation
new orleans
ordinal logistic
original entropy
parse tree
peoples opinions
predefined categories
probabilistic latent
processing techniques
pseudo counts
pseudo segments
speech tagging
suggested readings
supervised machine
syntactic structures
battery life
bayesian estimation
binary categorization
categorisation results
continued discussion
doesnt occur
domain knowledge
effective features
fair coin
feature vector
general ideas
government response
hidden variables
hurricane katrina
information theory
lets start
local maximum
main idea
n documents
probability mass
seen earlier
slide shows
social media
united nations
arithmetic mean
aspect rating
clustering result
different locations
equally likely
frequent term
high frequency
human effort
ive shown
k nearest
major topics
news articles
opinion target
presidential election
product reviews
special cases
speech tags
stock prices
theta subj
vector space
word association
z values
based approaches
causal topics
classification accuracy
dirichlet distribution
discover syntagmatic
discriminative classifiers
generative probabilistic
mining algorithms
random variables
search engine
sentiment weights
simply normalize
theta 2
y given
nontext data
system says
time period
youre seeing
bayesian inference
beta values
continue discussing
high probabilities
non zero
paradigmatic relations
previous slide
sentiment classification
word associations
actionable knowledge
based prediction
basic idea
generative models
semantic analysis
training examples
clustering bias
optimization problem
posterior probability
aspect ratings
logistic regression
overall ratings
total number
logistical regression
hidden variable
information retrieval
lower bound
unigram language
background language
different aspects
k 1
language model
syntagmatic relation
syntagmatic relations
m step
opinion holder
overall rating
paradigmatic relation
contextual text
naive bayes
bayes rule
parameter values
e step
objective function
random variable
scoring function
lets look
sentiment analysis
similarity function
generative model
machine learning
em algorithm
topic models
non text
natural language
conditional entropy
training data
maximum likelihood
mutual information
likelihood function
theta sub
mixture model
